NOTE: The following is Normative. Original text of this agreement can be found in its original context and regard from Paranoia RPG, owned by Mongoose Publishing.
 
## IMPORTANT! READ CAREFULLY!BY READING, BROWSING,STANDING NEAR, POSSESSING, NOT POSSESSING, THINKING ABOUT AND/OR NOT AGREEING WITH THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS COVERED BY AND NOT COVERED BY THIS AGREEMENT.
YOU RECOGNIZE THIS AGREEMENT IS FOR THE SAFETY AND PROTECTION OF ALL CITIZENS RESIDING IN ALPHA COMPLEX. THIS DOCUMENT IS CLASSIFIED SECURITY CLEARANCE ORANGE AND APPLIES TO CITIZEN OF ALL CLEARANCES. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS AGREEMENT IS TREASON PUNISHABLE BY SUMMARY EXECUTION.## License grantSubject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, THE DOM grants THE CITIZEN (referred to as ‘the clone’ and/or ‘you’) a non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to 
(a) live in THE COMPLEX, 
(b) work in THE COMPLEX, and 
(c) obey THE DOM.## License conditionsYou may not rent, sell, lease, sublicense, distribute, assign, copy, give, take, and/or in any way reassign in whole and/or in part THE COMPLEX, its EQUIPMENT and/or any other fixed and/or free-standing structure residing within without express and/orders from THE DOM. You may not modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble and/or otherwise explore THE COMPLEX. You do not have the right to, and may not, not obey THE DOM.
You understand THE DOM, in its sole discretion, may modify and/or discontinue your right to access any of its services and/or use of THE COMPLEX at any time, and it and/or its agents may at any time demote, censure, medicate, brainscrub and/or terminate you. You acknowledge and agree THE DOM has no obligation to make available to you subsequent improvements and/or changes to THE COMPLEX.
## OwnershipYou acknowledge and agree THE COMPLEX is licensed for your use by THE DOM. Youacknowledge the COMPLEX, including all equipment, content, protocols, software, documentation and licenses provided to you by THE DOM in conjunction with its services, are protected by THE DOM’s service firms, by Troubleshooters in service to THE DOM and by the threat of summary execution.## Content and infringementYou understand that all contents of THE COMPLEX, including, without limitation, all equipment, articles, structures, furnishings, graphic and/or video messages and all information, text, software, music, sound, graphics and/or other materials (‘Content’) made available and/or accessible by THE DOM and/or THE DOM’s service firms, whether publicly available and/or privately transmitted, remain the sole property of THE DOM. You understand and agree that by using THE COMPLEX, you may be exposed to Content that may be offensive, objectionable and/or lethal to you. You agree to accept all risks associated with the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, effectiveness and/or condition of such Content. 
Under no circumstances will THE DOM be liable for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors and/or omissions in providing any Content, and/or for any loss and/or damage and/or any number of deaths you incur by use of any Content. THE DOM is not responsible for the appropriate and/or inappropropriate use of any Content by Citizens of THE COMPLEX. Although THE DOM makes every effort to provide a safe living and working environment, you recognize and accept you are exposed to various security issues. By accepting this Complex Agreement you indicate you understand, acknowledge and agree by living and working in the COMPLEX, you may be subject to various risks, including the exposure to radiation, Communists, mutants, traitors, nerve gas and poisonous and/or infected-with-flesh-eating-bacteria algae chips, and you accept all such risk as solely your risk and responsibility.## Your obligationsYou represent and warrant you are neither a Communist, a mutant nor a traitor, and are obliged to report these to THE DOM for registration and/or termination. If you uncover any information in connection with the use of any unregistered mutant powers, traitorous activity and/or Communist ideologies, you agree to report this information, including thelocation of the body and/or bodies, directly and immediately to THE DOM. If THE DOM has reasonable grounds to suspect such information is inaccurate, not current and/or not complete, THE DOM may demote, censure, medicate, brainscrub and/or terminate you and also pursue other appropriate remedies. THE DOM shall use the information you provide in furtherance of your subsequent termination as an unregistered mutant, a traitor and/or a Communist.
You agree not to use the COMPLEX and/or any Content and/or services provided by DOM to conduct any secret society meetings and/or activities and/or to solicit the performance of any such meeting and/or activity.
## Disclaimer of warrantyYOUR USE OF THE COMPLEX AND ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH ITS SERVICE FIRMS IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE DOM PROVIDES THE COMPLEX AND ITS CONTENT ON AN ‘AS IS’ AND ‘AS AVAILABLE’ BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED and/or STATUTORY,INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, CUSTOM, TRADE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, ACCURACY and/or TERMINATION.
The above exclusions may not apply in sectors that do not allow the exclusion of certain implied warranties. Should you locate such a sector, you agree to report it at once to THE DOM for immediate correction.
## TerminationYou may be terminated.
## Limitation of liabilityYOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE IN NO EVENT IS THE DOM LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL AND/OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES AND/OR OTHER RELIEF ARISING OUT OF, AND/OR RELATED TO, YOUR USE AND/OR INABILITY TO USE ANY AND/OR ALL OF THE COMPLEX’S CONTENTS AND/OR THE DOM’S SERVICES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST CLONES, LOST LIVES AND/OR LOST LUGGAGE.
## ArbitrationAny claim and/or controversy arising out of and/or related to this Agreement, and/or the products and/or services THE DOM provides and/or distributes, shall be settled by individual binding in an appropriate confession booth and/or Internal Security interrogation room so all parties may discover why you believe THE DOM is wrong.
## Successor agreementsThe terms of this Agreement may change from time to time. Check with THE DOM regularly to determine if material changes have been made. THE DOM will prominently post changes at the Central Processing Unit’s Central Compnode, Security Clearance ULTRAVIOLET, at least 15 minutes prior to the effective date of the change.
## GeneralThis Agreement, as modified from time to time as described above, and including THE DOM’s Privacy Policy, Terms of Service and any other policies incorporated by reference, sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between the parties, excluding the use of Bouncy Bubble Beverage which is covered under its own agreements, ‘Bouncy Bubble Beverage By-Laws’ numbered 1 through 4.

